---
layout: post
permalink: /starbucks-2/
title: "Starbucks ② - Market Trends"
date: 2020-12-06 22:50:00 +09:00
feature: '/img/posts/006/starbucks_thumbnail.jpg'
background: '/img/posts/007/starbucks_reserve.jpg'
categories:
  - features_in_english
tags:
  - starbucks
  - starbucks_korea
description: "Café industry trends"
---

Today, we look into the Café industry trends related to Starbucks.

### 3-1. Opportunities

#### Growing Specialty Coffee
It has been a long time since the coffee market has matured, but the coffee shop industry is still growing steadily. According to the 2020 food restaurant statistics by Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, the number of coffee shops in Korea is increasing by more than 5,000 every year from 51,551 in 2016 to 56,928 in 2017 and 66,231 in 2018. The total sales of coffee shops have also steadily increased, the sales of coffee shops increased by 10.1% from 7.1 trillion won in 2016 to 7.900 trillion won in 2017, according to data from Statistics Korea.<br>

Industry experts say that the main reason behind the growth in the coffee market is the polarization into the low-cost or specialty market.<br>

Specialty coffee refers to coffee that has achieved 80 or more out of 100 points according to the evaluation method of the American Specialty Coffee Association (SCAA). It is the best coffee beans attached to 7-10% of green beans produced in the world. The price is usually twice that of a regular Americano, but demand is gradually increasing. Consequently, the number of brands and stores offering premium specialty coffee is also increasing. In particular, premium stores dealing with specialty coffee are trying to satisfy consumers' needs by considering not only the interior but also the exterior compared to typical stores.<br>

<ul>
  <li>Starbucks Coffee Korea - Starbucks first launched its "Starbucks Reserve" store in 2014, opening the door to the premium coffee market. Starbucks Reserve Bar is a store with a dedicated bar for specialty coffee, and provides coffee by grinding the beans selected by customers on site. The interior of the Reserve store is decorated with luxurious interiors, creating a unique atmosphere. In addition, it uses a high-end espresso machine 'Clover System' which extracts only one cup of coffee at a time using vacuum compression technology, and the price is high - around 6,000 won to 7,000 won - but it is popular. (A cup of Starbucks Americano costs 4,100 won.)</li>

  <li>Blue Bottle Coffee Korea - Blue Bottle, called "Apple of Coffee," for its unique philosophy, opened its first store in Seongsu-dong, Seoul, in 2019 and entered the Korean coffee market. Blue Bottle offers coffee menus such as select blend, single Origin drip coffee and espresso drinks, while the Blue Bottle store which pursues warm minimalism, has fewer tables and doesn't offer outlets and Wi-Fi usually provided at regular coffee shops in Korea, so that customers can focus only on coffee. Blue Bottle's Instagram account followers are also the second-largest Koreans after Americans, mostly enthusiastic among young people. Blue Bottle's signature drink, "New Orleans," costs 5,800 won. Single Origin Drip Coffee costs 6,300 won, similar to the coffee at Starbucks Reserve.</li>



</ul>

### 3-2. Threats

#### Growing Low-cost Coffee

Along with the growth of the Specialty coffee, centered on Starbucks, the No. 1 coffee industry player, and Blue Bottle, is growing, as well as convenience stores and mid- to low-end brands that compete with "low prices". In a market where it is difficult to survive without features, low prices are acting as a new variable in the coffee market.<br>
Paikdabang and Mega Coffee are representative mid- to low-end brands in the low-priced coffee market include. Instead of providing space, they are offering low-priced coffee specializing in takeouts to consumers. They used quality, large, and 100% premium Arabica beans as high-priced coffee brands, throwing the game at a low price. The price consists of 1,500 won for Americano and 2,000 won for iced Americano, which is half the price of 4,100 won for a cup of Starbucks coffee.<br>
Meanwhile, convenience stores are also growing day by day, playing a key role in the low-priced coffee market. Major convenience stores such as GS25, CU, 7-Eleven, and E-Mart 24 targeted the coffee market, which used to be dominated by specialty stores, through low prices and high accessibility.<br>


The next article will cover the marketing strategies and activities.<br>
<strong>Please stay tuned!</strong>
