---
layout: post
permalink: /starbucks-4/
title: "Starbucks ③ vol.2 - Marketing Strategy & Activities"
date: 2021-04-11 21:55:00 +09:00
feature: '/img/posts/006/starbucks_thumbnail.jpg'
background: '/img/posts/009/Siren_order.jpg'
categories:
  - features_in_english
tags:
  - starbucks
  - starbucks_korea
description: "Review of Starbucks' Remarkable Marketing in Korea"
---

This is the last Starbucks journey. Today's full of interesting articles.

### 4. Digitalization

Today's topic, digitalization is more of a management strategy than a marketing strategy, but I'd like to introduce it because it is that differentiates Starbucks from other competitors that have made Starbucks a step further in the Korean coffee shop market.

#### Siren Order
"Siren Order" is the first launched O2O(Online to Offline) service among Starbucks around the world on May 29, 2014, by Starbucks Coffee Korea. It is an innovative smart ordering system that to conveniently order beverages and food through a mobile app. It started first in Korea because Korean consumers are familiar with IT technology and tend to adapt new technologies quickly.

"Siren Order" is a system allows users to easily order customized beverages for individual preferences using a smartphone application. It is an efficient way to save time because with the Starbucks card app, you can premake "my own drinks" and order it with a simple OR, and if you are a My Starbucks Rewards member, you can order and pay in advance at a store within a 2km radius of the store, and then pick it up right away.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RLwhMcGvqn0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

It exactly fit the needs of consumers who wanted to order fast during busy hours such as rush hour and lunch break. The average number of Siren orders used per day is about 70,000 at Starbucks, where an average of 500,000 people visit each day.(as of 2018) As of the end of 2020, the cumulative number of Siren orders reached 180 million, with an average of 170,000 orders a day, accounting for 25% of the total number of orders, which means 1 out of 4 Starbucks customers use Siren Order.

The Siren Order made by Starbucks Korea was exported to various countries including the United States in 2015. The amount of U.S. Siren orders accounts for about 10% of the total number of transactions, and other exporting countries are also on the rise.

In Korea, it captured the hearts of office workers. Siren orders are 26% between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. and 14% between 12 p.m. and 1 p.m., showing a high utilization rate on the way to work and during office workers' lunch hours. In addition, Siren order usage is the highest in offices districts where there are many office workers.

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/179158497?title=0&byline=0&portrait=0" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


The digital planning team of Starbuck Korea, who designed the "Siren Order" service, made big data to be used for marketing. In addition, various services are being developed to enhance the convenience and functionality of siren orders. Recently, it has been receiving high praise from customers by introducing a "personalized ordering system" that utilizes big data such as purchase history, store information, order time zone, and temperature. In addition, it is continuing digital innovation such as introducing the industry's first voice recognition order system linked with Bixby of Samsung Electronics.
